Some missing traits for Radial intervals at 0 (S135) (#1191)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000135/properties/P000043.md

  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> Basic neighbourhood is either a Euclidean segment or union of a family of such segments with nonepty intersection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic neighbourhood is either a Euclidean segment or the union of a family of such segments with nonempty intersection.
```
